qsg-linux.adoc, before:

---
permalink: qsg-linux.html
sidebar: sidebar
keywords: quick start guide, getting started, QSG, Linux QSG, RHEL QSG, quick installation
summary: "Quick start guide for Unified Manager on Linux platform."
---
= Quick start instructions for Linux installations

== System requirements

*	Operating system: Red Hat Enterprise Linux or CentOS 64-bit version 7.x
architecture, installed using the “Server with GUI” base environment from the Software Selection
option of the OS installer
*	RAM: 12 GB
*   CPU: 9572 MHz total
*	Free disk space:  100 GB of disk space for /opt, 50 GB for the root partition

For detailed system requirements, see the link:../install/concept-requirements-for-installing-unified-manager.html[Requirements for installing Unified Manager] and the link:http://mysupport.netapp.com/matrix[Interoperability Matrix].

== Installing OnCommand Unified Manager

=== Download the installer
1.	Download the `OnCommandUnifiedManager-rhel7-9.5RC1.zip` installation package.
2.	In the directory where you have downloaded the installation file, run:
+
`# unzip OnCommandUnifiedManager-rhel7-9.5RC1.zip`

=== Verify repository configuration
The procedures for configuring Red Hat Enterprise Linux or CentOS repositories are site specific. The pre_install_check.sh script included in the installation package can be optionally used to verify whether your operating system is correctly configured. If your system is connected to the internet, you automatically receive the instructions for setting up the Red Hat Enterprise Linux and MySQL repositories. For information on how to install on a system that has no internet connectivity, see the link:install/concept-requirements-for-installing-unified-manager.html[Requirements for installing Unified Manager]

`# ./pre_install_check.sh`

=== Install Unified Manager
Unified Manager uses the `yum` utility to install the software and any dependent software. As there are varying images of Red Hat Enterprise Linux or CentOS in different organizations, the packages installed depend on the software present in the images. The `yum` utility will determine the dependent software packages for installation. If you need more information on the dependent software packages, see the link:install/reference-red-hat-and-centos-software-and-installation-requirements.html[Red Hat Enterprise Linux and CentOS software and installation requirements]

As the root user, or using sudo, run the following command from the directory where the installation file was unzipped:

`# yum install *.rpm`

or

`% sudo yum install *.rpms`

At the end of the installation, the information to connect to the Unified Manager web UI is displayed. If you are unable to connect to the web UI, you may have to whitelist port 443. Contact your technical support team for more details.

Commit message:

edit: index summary, QSG links; remove: section bullets, one page

qsg-linux.adoc, after:

---
permalink: qsg-linux.html
sidebar: sidebar
keywords: quick start guide, getting started, QSG, Linux QSG, RHEL QSG, quick installation
summary: "Quick start guide for Unified Manager on Linux platform."
---
= Quick start instructions for Linux installations

== System requirements

*	Operating system: Red Hat Enterprise Linux or CentOS 64-bit version 7.x
architecture, installed using the “Server with GUI” base environment from the Software Selection
option of the OS installer
*	RAM: 12 GB
*   CPU: 9572 MHz total
*	Free disk space:  100 GB of disk space for /opt, 50 GB for the root partition

For detailed system requirements, see the link:/install/reference-red-hat-and-centos-software-and-installation-requirements.html[Red Hat Enterprise Linux and CentOS software and installation requirements] and the link:http://mysupport.netapp.com/matrix[Interoperability Matrix].

== Installing OnCommand Unified Manager

=== Download the installer
1.	Download the `OnCommandUnifiedManager-rhel7-9.5RC1.zip` installation package.
2.	In the directory where you have downloaded the installation file, run:
+
`# unzip OnCommandUnifiedManager-rhel7-9.5RC1.zip`

=== Verify repository configuration
The procedures for configuring Red Hat Enterprise Linux or CentOS repositories are site specific. The pre_install_check.sh script included in the installation package can be optionally used to verify whether your operating system is correctly configured. If your system is connected to the internet, you automatically receive the instructions for setting up the Red Hat Enterprise Linux and MySQL repositories. For information on how to install on a system that has no internet connectivity, see the link:/install/concept-install-upgrade-and-remove-unified-manager-software.html[Installing, upgrading, and removing Unified Manager software on Red Hat or CentOS]

`# ./pre_install_check.sh`

=== Install Unified Manager
Unified Manager uses the `yum` utility to install the software and any dependent software. As there are varying images of Red Hat Enterprise Linux or CentOS in different organizations, the packages installed depend on the software present in the images. The `yum` utility will determine the dependent software packages for installation. If you need more information on the dependent software packages, see the link:/install/concept-install-upgrade-and-remove-unified-manager-software.html[Installing, upgrading, and removing Unified Manager software on Red Hat or CentOS]

As the root user, or using sudo, run the following command from the directory where the installation file was unzipped:

`# yum install *.rpm`

or

`% sudo yum install *.rpms`

At the end of the installation, the information to connect to the Unified Manager web UI is displayed. If you are unable to connect to the web UI, you may have to whitelist port 443. Contact your technical support team for more details.
